// Honor Pledge:
//
// I pledge that I have neither given nor 
// received any help on this assignment.
//
// jeremorg

1. Goal
	The goal of this project is to use Inheritance to build a framework for a
	Pharmacy to model their employee hierarchy. It will be able to list off all
	employees and their qualifications. It will also be able to calculate a paycheck
	based on how many hours they worked.
2. Input
	The first of the inputs for this assignment is a text file that has the
	following details about employees: the job ID, the employee first and last
	name, the employee ID, and the hire date. This will be loaded into the program
	to be used to create instances of them based on their job. The other input would
	be to determine the number of hours worked. And the final user input is 
	to determine what the user wants to select to do from the menus.
3.Output
	The first of the outputs will be the menus that are displayed to the user. The
	first will ask the user if they want to load the employees from the file or 
	if they want to exit the program. The second menu will ask if they want to 
	print employees, enter the number of hours worked, calculate paychecks, and exit
	the program. 
4.Step by Step Process
	The program will ask the user if they want to load employees from file or exit 
	the program. If the user enters 2, then the program will end. If the user enters 1,
	then the program will read in the first line of the text file, and then immediately read
	in the second line. The first line is a header for the columns, so it is not needed.
	Then until the file is empty, each line will be read in, and depending on what the
	Job Id is, it will create a object of that type of job. It will then put that 
	object into an array that is for that job. It will do this until all 4 employees have
	been created. It will then let the user know it has been successfully done. Then a menu
	will be displayed asking the user if they want to print the employees, enter hours
	worked, calculate paychecks, or close the program. If the user selects 1, then the objects
	will be pulled off of each array and will print out their name, rate, id, and qualifications.
	It will then return back to the menu. If the user enters 2, then the program will ask for an
	amount of hours worked. The user will enter a number and then it will return to the menu. 
	If the user enters 3, it will first check if the user has entered any hours worked. If they
	have not, then it will prompt them to go back and enter an amount of hours. If the hours
	have been entered, then it will take each employees rate and multiply it by the number of 
	hours worked, and then print the id and the amount on this check, and return to the menu.
	If the user enters 4, then the program will end. 